Hi everyone, you're all twisted Kuroko, yes
It should have been os lapis minister
I look at is selling as usual average value quickly
Yes, I think when it comes to you Some I to say that Tokoro Braga Nde I bought
If you see yesterday , even on the second day
For example is a feature also caught I'm 2 days ago
There was person opening, though
Tsu Where are you selling
Good or bad
Nde This time I bought 12 packs
I think that want Yes also opened regularly
It is also to say that the aim is also to say that
So much went
What's it? Once a new booster pack is released
If you bought and let's do the Na or not it 12 you'd better pack is up
Well if Miyakawa is gone, do you think that I will come back for a moment
I will open the lid
Heroic champion or early
I do not know business lines have a game normally
Why
This is a positive that women's line media of any kind
Let's breathe this cgm then that's that of track 8 Oh
In the music of the field
It will not look 4 flow flowing Nde only game in Souther of a little recently waiting
It does n't pass well, I wo n't hit it.
A guy something sounds like Terry Wonderland Sebasucha
I think I do not know
Droghana will be able to
Hey how strong Te look-to gar
I do not know well, but this time after all the water is os
I want a color so much
I do not want to guide under the window
You can use this
I will do it today
Three pack mountain is not once once
Wonder does not hit or
It's such mean that opened the Uni 301
Just register wow series
Of cool to do this source
How cool the airport is this
It is only black
It was Oguro 6 mm
I feel like making so much
I do not know whether it is so good
Shall I keep the container ?
I can see
I do not understand even if I ask
Oh dear
Kita' out of the cover of this
It turned out that I was standing for processing one space Shark Drake
I want Choi whim of the city
ni
Right
Guide Wow, if you want this a little bit
What kind of situation did you wake up for a while?
I don't understand
It is pretty cool
I'm buying a house with a little good feeling
I feel like it was good even in the room where this can be taken, but what is it?
Do you feel that something is more likely
I 'm going to
ciao or
Good back
Hmm softening
I was a sposter
Fastener just after
It is the one source that the third in Hamburg
Chucky
It feels like it's okay but it's good
What kind of child is this in battle
I wonder it does not hit at all
I 'm gonna say something like a window , I can't make it at all
Ne I want to leave is about two there was
It is rice if there is
From Speaking of want is this idiot pull
Softening
Increased from company
Pleiades is I heard you say I put out in Sokko Day
Tteyuu Na What happens
Relief
Dyson Sphere car Iei
Nde admission of a sudden rank a little difficult to put out
I do not know at all whether it is easy to put out
Try
q It hurts and it seems Lidamary disorder
Toka threaten in like family
Naa I feel like is better to put the other buckled Once you say to Stiller I suddenly
Not new money is money
I say exchange
I Bull cost toner is saying that you were color matching
I 'm another old man
It seems that it is g of mark cheese
Was do what was aired in only hit Ne Do not over The number rear Cormorants vias
Just hit ja jet Princess to take his wife
I'd like Speaking of want
I can not hit
Giant out of it
subtle
Two more tacks
Do we have to
This is this music
It's 6 of animal wonderland
e 6 mol's
4 I
Does not hit the first part not exposed is not enough
The g was stayed
It Does not Te fish court this
What will happen in one more pack
Hmm
Regrettably it did not over over
It's only while
The worst is I say Which one
I will not meet you well This pack is good
Thank you very much